Use method colour key in the Builder API graph (#12998)
sphinx-doc/sphinx: doc/extdev/builderapi.rst

   .. graphviz:: /_static/diagrams/sphinx_build_flow.dot

>       :caption: UML for the standard Sphinx build workflow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      :caption: Call graph for the standard Sphinx build workflow
```

Nitpick found while reading: I believe this is not a [formal UML diagram](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unified_Modeling_Language#Diagrams), but a [call graph](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Call_graph).

Author: done 👍

>          (method colors: green; abstract, orange; overridable, red; final)

Reviewer: I fine this quite hard to understand. Maybe a paragraph below would be more helpful?

> The red methods define the fundamental workflow structure. They are builder-independent and therefore final. Builder-specific behavoir is implemented in abstract methods that every builder must implement (green) and methods with a default implmentation that can be overwritten if needed (orange).

An additional visual aid would be to be able to color the words "abstract method" in green etc. But I believe we don't have the capability for inline text coloring?

Alternatively / additionally, would it make sense to add a small legend
- final methods
- overridable methods
- abstract methods
to the graphviz itself? These could be colored accordingly.

Author: done 👍
